Hello!

We would like to see your code and how you code to ensure that the fit between you and The Token Foundry would be a good match for both of us! As so we would love to invite you to a short 2-3 hour coding exercise. We would like you to follow standard coding practices, have good flow, use good variable names, etc; We would like you to build a basic React application using hooks with create-react-app. This React application should have one page with multiple components. The application should have a header that allows me to select one of the four following options, One Week, One Month, Three Months, One Year, it should default to One Month with a visual representation of what I have selected. I want you to be able to query the API for the timeframe the user selected in the UI (relative to the current date/time), linked below to get historical data on Bitcoin. When the data comes in I want it to be displayed as a table with columns for date, open, close, market cap. I should be able to sort ascending/descending by those columns. I also want a line graph component (bonus points if you use Highcharts but use whatever you like). The graph should show the data from oldest data to newest data. One day should start with open then close then go to the next day. If you want to add additional functionality feel free to have some fun with it, but please try not to spend more than three hours with it.  

https://api.coinpaprika.com/#tag/Coins/paths/~1coins~1{coin_id}~1ohlcv~1historical/get

If you have any questions about it please let me know. Put your code up in a Github repository and send me the link when you have finished so we can take a look at your code by cloning the repository. 